Found out who did it
You guessed it
That person works for Xu Hong
Xu Hong
Where is he now?
On KTV
Go find him
That
Brother Xu
I don't eat this, baby, you eat it
Thank you for eating
The police sold the wrong game
OK
That's so great!
Nice job bro
I should be very happy this year
His wife is about to have surgery
I'm about to see the light
Bad day
As a result, suddenly the person is gone haha
Brothers tell brothers to eat and drink whatever they want
I'll pay today
You dare to plot me to marry, you want to die
Ah, scrap this dog thing for me
Let him know what will happen to their Xu family
Where is the person who donated bone marrow to my wife?
Forestry, you are naturally desperate
I'm so happy to see you like this now.
Since you don't want my wife to spend
Then I'll let you pay him back.